What is the correct jQuery code to set the background color of all p elements to burlywood?

$("p").css("background-color","burlywood");
$("p").layout("background-color","burlywood");
$("p").style("background-color","burlywood");

With jQuery, look at the following selector: $("div.intro"). What does it select?

All div elements with class="intro"
All div elements with id="intro"
The first div element with class="intro"

Which jQuery method is used to hide selected elements?

hide()
display(none)
hidden()

Which jQuery method is used to set one or more style properties for selected elements?

css()
style()
html()

Which jQuery method is used to perform an asynchronous HTTP request?

jQuery.ajax()
jQuery.ajaxSetup()
jQuery.ajaxAsync()

What is the correct jQuery code for making all div elements 100 pixels high?

$("div").height(100)
$("div").height="100"
$("div").yPos(100)

Which statement is true?

To use jQuery, you can refer to a hosted jQuery library at Google
To use jQuery, you must buy the jQuery library at www.jquery.com
To use jQuery, you do not have to do anything. Most browsers (Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox and Opera) have the jQuery library built in the browser

Which jQuery function is used to prevent code from running, before the document is finished loading?

$(document).ready()
$(body).onload()
$(document).load()

Which jQuery method should be used to deal with name conflicts?

noConflict()
nameConflict()
noNameConflict()

Which jQuery method is used to switch between adding/removing one or more classes (for CSS) from selected elements?

toggleClass()
switchClass()
altClass()

Look at the following selector: $("div p"). What does it select?

All p elements inside a div element
All div elements with a p element
The first p element inside a div element

Which jQuery method is used to remove selected elements?

Both methods can be used
detach()
remove()

Look at the following selector: $(":disabled"). What does it select?

All disabled input elements
All elements that does not contain the text "disabled"
All elements containing the text "disabled"

Which jQuery method returns the direct parent element of the selected element?

parent()
parents()
ancestor()

The jQuery animate() method can be used to animate ANY CSS property?

Only properties containing numeric values
Yes
All properties except the shorthand properties























